Task graph diagnostic (#33095)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/running-builds/features/command_line_interface.adoc

`-m`, `--dry-run`::
Run Gradle with all task actions disabled. Use this to show which task would have executed.

`--task-graph`::

> Run gradle with all task actions disabled and print the graph of dependencies between tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run Gradle with all task actions disabled and print the task dependency graph.
```
